{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
Poetry Catalogue #1\
\
Ambulance Land\
\
Jacob Kelly\
\
\'93If the doors of perception were cleansed \
everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.\'92\'92\
 - W. Blake\
\
Contents: Parts 1-5\
\
1\
Pt 1: The Veil\
2\
Pt 2: The Apocalypse\
3-5\
Pt 3: The Magic Eel\
6-9\
Pt 4: The Milk of Midnight the Stars and You\
10 \
Pt 5: The Mirror\
\
For the weeds, the herbs and the snow.\
\
1\
\
slow down Goliath. Damian of the sky. Challenger at low tide. all is serene- Dusk nears its mooring mast, a bone on the water. and all that remains, knocking at the doors of Dawn, of Gulliver. The once proud giant. and all the world sorrows -\
\
2\
\
Genius slept in vaults,\
night shining cloud,\
in blind lofts failing,\
of fires and falling ladders,\
but I could never see you.\
\
Sleeping wounded,\
written beneath his ribs,\
like the barbs of spires,\
a lonely priory,\
what he once named his soul.\
\
Hidden from the ebb and hiding,\
across that threshold,\
appearing and disappearing,\
this unyielding phenomenon,\
the Hazelnut fruited.\
\
Knots spread about my feet,\
sentenced in the arcade there,\
beneath that hide,\
the basilica\'92s soft tripe.\
\
Bloated as the seasons,\
the harvest shone from the labels of tin cans,\
the first rain tallow,\
the oceans aborted.\
\
The sea ruined across the coastline,\
the last light welt upon his tomb,\
at Blake\'92s door,\
where he threw down his fiery sword.\
\
His commandments and guard,\
no offices left, no chambers,\
no bed but pips upon the sill,\
sleepless vigils of chalk.\
\
My own bracing,\
mine own beat,\
soundly,\
wakeful.\
\
Distinct and imperceptible,\
before the gateway,\
watching,\
waiting.\
\
3\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The river is restless in its pursuit of uncovering the land. Grass bristles in the coarse wind. Thick roots hold the earth together and the black sand on the bank washes away over petrified wood. A black pine box emerges in a shallow grave. The river pulls at his bones, begging him onwards with his cherished memories. His bills are in the eddy with the Elva, and his letters putrefy.\
\
Lights burn all night in the Masonic hall waiting on news from the James Webb. Fat moths arrive in the ancestral forest to feed on the resinous sap of familial trees. Inebriate and thirsty, they fall among the black pears on the ground, singing \'93Go Away Dream.\'94\
And on the estuary , a night watchman wades into the water from the brush. \'93Frog Man,\'94 he whispers to himself. With his arms above his head and his nose inches above the water, he stalks the stars as he disturbs the neat surface of night.\
\'93Poor Syrinx,\'94 he whispers. \'93Poor Syrinx.\'94\
\
In his mind the echoes of the day passed into memory- the sound of the radio as the sun dipped. The street lights orange. Today he held a picture of the cosmos in his hand. \
He felt as if he had seen the universe meet itself, The same planets and dust, reflected as if submerged in the water- coinciding in this strange artefact. The newspaper, the ink against his thumb. The weight of the print in his hands.\
\
Bodies, doppelg\'e4ngers, lay scattered across the page. \
We might be but a speck, yet the specks gleam back and back again forever. At the locus of each star system lies the edge of another- like a pebble caught between rocks, like sand between pebbles. The swill of sinew and roe against agates and opals, dashed upon the Lee.\
\
The pith, the Nutmeg, the Coriander. Across the ocean from breaking waves. Flat, breaking, acrid, and malt, emptying on the shore. The foam forms and unforms in the glass. An indifferent pattern. A subtle thing, shrunken away. Like the pebble, like the marble to the satellite. A small flat world floating like the film on this beer. Broken on the rocks. An ammonium wash on the water.\
\
Sipping from his Budweiser, he makes the sign, crossing himself; imagining the crucifix, kissing it, and releasing it back to the water like a tadpole.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
He pushes forward, occasionally submerging his head into the Bullrush and weeds that hang just beneath the brackish water, gliding. Almost imperceptible in the dark, the black spots of his head vanish from view. With one arm still firmly reaching out of the water, two red embers float toward the Weir. Water crests, glittering over the edge of the walls. \
\
The surface is glassy and pleated over the pond. One hand finds the far bank with no warning, lost in dark muck. He finds the opaque water suddenly terrifying again as his fingers find holds in the dirt.\uc0\u8232  The Weir pulls at him, and the temptations of St. Anthony writhe around his fingers. \
He traces the slick holes that dot the banking before thrusting into a wide one. \'93In shallows and miseries,\'94 the words wet. The hole shudders, he shudders. \'93Christ,\'94 he says.\uc0\u8232 The muscle try to shoot past his arm, but he grips it firmly.\
\
Suddenly, the silence is full of water, a dull thud and little bells. \'93Go away, stalker of terrible dread!\'94 he exclaims.\uc0\u8232 \'93This monstrous, wayward mother. Behemoth!\'94\u8232  Onlookers who had watched in silent disbelief begin to jeer.\u8232  \'93Go, go, hell spawn, go incubus,\'94 he cries as he drags the strange beast through the widow grass. A Mallard barks from the trees. The Crickets\'92 song seems to start right there.\u8232 \'93Go away, brass, you dog.\'94\
\
He stands up from the water, the sky pouring from his shoulders. He quickly drags on his cigarette in celebration, lifting the dark Eel above his head. \'93Old George,\'94 they cheer, their voices alien over the water. \'93You crazy bastard.\'94\
\uc0\u8232 The red ember lights his sodden features as he smokes. He takes the Eel in both hands and begins to sing.\u8232 \'93Old George, no scratch. Wet to the bone. Fluted and pipes, Clean as the wind blows.\'94\u8232  He looks down at his catch, no longer fighting him, the yellow sheen. Her skin glows, her belly like flashes of moonlight. Her ribs like the glassy water. \u8232 \'93Of the sun and of the air!\'94\
\uc0\u8232 \'93Toil, toil,\'94 the Eel replies.\
\
The cigarette quickly sizzles into quietness on the water.\
\
He holds her against his chest and drops back into the pool, kicking his legs out gently as he pushes back towards the celebration that erupted beyond the thick reeds on the other side of the river.\
\uc0\u8232 The other men grow silent again when they lose him from sight, with no ember this time to help trace his path. The image of that Eel dripping in the moonlight stays with them, entranced, like a white flash or a trick of the eye. Every speck of blackness tussles in the darkness. The sky is so dim now they see blue fire where they had been able to make out shapes and forms in the moonlight.\
\
The Crickets fall silent. The Mallard chuckles.\
\
He does not flinch. He wades out to the middle of the pond on his back, cautious of the Eel suddenly trying to escape. But the Eel remains placid.\
\
He looks from the sky back into her eyes and begins to beg for answers. The Eels mouth slowly opens and closes. \
\'91I wish\'85,\'92 He began.\
\'93Damn this water, this bastard Weir! Heed my warning, child!\'94 The Eel interrupted. \'93Thy tabret has been beaten. Cast out. Your bookkeeping lost across the fertile beach of the tidal river. Treading bridge ash on the banks of your enemies. Collapsed into your base.\'94\
The man stiffens, the water rising around him as though it too is listening, waiting.\
\'93To hell! Your story isn\'92t written. My fates are my own,\'94 the man exclaims.\
Her unflinching eyes gleam back at him.\
\'93Houses upon houses, ashes and ashes, double, double, and dust to dust,\'94 spoke the Eel. \'93Be wary of greener pastures.\'94\
The man shudders again. \
\'93A grim omen. Tsk\'85 if the grass looks greener, how will I judge, if avoiding my ill fate is greener still? Do you not know another way?\'94\
\
\'93Follow me,\'94 she whispers.\
\
(INTERMISSION)\
\
4\
\
The milk of midnight the stars and you.\
\
The milk of abuse\
It\'92s not love you feel, is terror\
\
And God said, \'93never let a sorceress live.\'94\
\
The social clubs staged the raid\
to steal the bulls that night.\
I watched from the Ees,\
the face of the policeman passing\
between pillars of utter darkness.\
I saw the dog just before the rain.\
\
I lost you, torn apart in a riot, \
by pale hands.\
\'93Rangoon,\'94 the policeman called out\
to the German shepherd,\
\'93end of strife,\'94 \'93big dog.\'94\
\
Withdrawn from the night,\
from every branch,\
pulled from the rooftops,\
battering the trees in the street-\
one last breath.\
\
The warm air was thick,\
naked in the weather.\
And all at once,\
a blanket of rain\
seals the whole town in that moment.\
\
Found there, on the right bank,\
was the body.\
\
From the corner of your mouth,\
true love sleeps like a bloodhound\
jowls of longing,\
black lips suede,\
pony fur.\
Like seeing stars,\
smacks of desperation.\
\
Buttercup,\
my olive heart sleeps.\
A light shines through-\
steam peach peach.\
 \
Inspired in me,\
the thing that tore us apart-\
\
the ouroboros.\
If it had been,\
it would have bit me.\
\
The milk of bred in captivity.\
\
Your silent breath,\
your invisible skin.\
You touch yourself alone,\
become hot steam.\
\
A lamplight from a window pane,\
lost like a ring in the evenin\'92.\
\
Estranged on the Mersey,\
sleepwalking.\
Bones exposed\
eggshells and pebbles.\
The skeleton, mind made up,\
along the narrow way home.\
I loved you on the mountaintop,\
and I walked the ocean alone.\
\
\'93I said you could be there, all alone with me,\'94\
walking through the camps.\
You said, \'93God left us\
never existed.\'94\
\
The milk of spilt milk,\
\
put upon the back of that man\
wishing he was an exotic animal,\
a rock pool,\
or Chinese food.\
\
Good night has killed himself,\
like thank you,\
and sorry.\
\
Oumuamua,\
the milk of pepper.\
\
And God said,\
\'93the thief will return,\
back fivefold,\
for each bull he stole.\'94\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The milk of the Mr. Men.\
\
Resurrection.\
Enter a document on the official register.\
\
\'93If a fire broke out in the thorn bushes\
that blackened the houses\
and blackened the fingers of the children;\
and if the lovers sucked each other\'92s dicks in the ashes\
the one who started the fire must make restitution.\'94\
\
The milk of meat and two veg.\
\
My baby, broken open over stretches of field,\
the rarest flower in England.\
I didn\'92t know what precious was\
wild grapes in the middle of some wet dream,\
without provenance.\
\
Felling crosses,\
painted on the goat willow,\
on the water meadow.\
The yellow bird\'92s nest\
no longer protected.\
\
Bastard balm and melancholy.\
Ghost orchids on the news.\
Poplar seeds fill the air,\
and we will never see each other again.\
\
I yield.\
\
\'93And for the bull who saved the life of the tortoise\'85\'94 God said.\
\
You steal the night,\
you hide it from the people.\
It whispers to you from your wallet\
\'93guilty,\'92\'92 it says, \'93murderer.\'92\'92\
The whole world grieves for the night.\
\
The night takes you in his\
empty hands.\
\
He makes you cum-\
like hot steam,\
in the lamplight,\
in the window,\
lost like a jewel\
from the sky.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
White noise of sycamore,\
of birch.\
Light strange through ash-\
like snow.\
\
\'93Guilty.\'92\'92\
\
I hate your silver linings,\
but I see it all written in the stars,\
written in stress.\
\
\'93Poison.\'94\
\
It decorates the doors to the other side,\
carved into stone,\
written on the threshold\
where I see it all happening.\
\
\'93Thief.\'92\'92\
\
The wind blows voices\
between the ticks of the clock.\
The cat cries \'93Ah la la.\'94\
\
For you, I imagine nights are filled\
with a deep sense of belonging.\
\
If I pinched myself, would I be dreaming?\
If I cut myself, would I bleed?\
\
Just a little by little,\
the street turned to ash in my ears.\
And over coffee, I ignored everything I ever felt,\
submitting myself.\
\
The milk was fat and thick,\
and the sugar stole away any feeling.\
I left tracks in the foam-\
longing to be the steam that escaped the morning\
with a howl.\
\
Whipped into nothing.\
\
 5\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The new world was black. Because now there is nothing but blackness.\
And the billowing sound of my own voice echoing in the dark.\
\
In the echoes, I looked into the blackness with no eyes.\
Until I saw the mirror.\
The words still in the air now, crashing the way the sea changes.\
The mirror with no one in it went on forever and ever.\
But as I pointed, the tracers flashed before me\'97\
Aurora, red-hot in the wind.\
The wind that says the new world is black.\
The mirror filled with snow, a mirage. And the treeless heights gave no clues.\
The tundra of little fires at my feet hid from my gaze.\
\
My voice, my breath.\
The wind asks on and on, \'93What\'92s the matter with you, Ash?\'94\
\
The one million needles I spilled in the dark. Pinpricks of a world.\
No longer at rest, I shushed my mind, mumbling.\
The shadows escaped the night, the moon, the mirror, and the stars.\
And the charcoal in the wash said:\
\
\'93I am the shadows.\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 -\
\
Easily Forgot \
\
Somnambulist, somnambulist.\
Morning communion alarm alarm, \
funeral tram. Ambulance land.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \
}